The people of Bengal be happy...
...not only at seeing seasons.
But also at seeing death at face.
And also at seeing those
mountains gives me...
...happiness, why
is that so shocking?
Is there anything about a Forest Bungalow
in there? Have a look.
There is. But I wonder if such a
Bungalow exists today.
But without any plans, you could
have written a letter beforehand!
The animals are beautiful
only in forests.
And the children are
beautiful to mothers.
Would you believe it...
Hey! Ask him for 20.
Hey! 20 liters.
Do it, Fast!
Hey! Is this Bihar?
He'll understand even if
you speak in Bengali.
O really!
Does this way go to
Phalamor? - Yes, sir.
Is there any jungle
that way? - Yes, sir.
Muttering 'jungle, jungle',
you went that way!
Why has he been sleeping
all along?
Because if he wakes up,
you'll start annoying him
Hari! Hari! Wake up! Wake up!
We have to push the vehicle.
You!
Hey! What are you doing?
This is a new shirt!
Hey! What's going on?
Leave him.
Hey! Leave me. This the new
shirt, I bought recently.
A sportsman can be so unsporting?
This is the first time I am
watching this kind of a thing.
Sanjay, we will reach
there within one hour?
Maximum by 3 o' clock.
It's because of you that we came,
you know? So that you get over
your emotional wounds.
Hey! Now you are blaming me.
Hey, whose idea was it to come
here in the first place?
I mean...
Listen. It was my idea that you
all have accepted.
Nobody forced you.
Why will you force?
I have holidays. That's
the reason I came.
And I will not get leave,
even if I want, so off sick.
And I'm unemployed.
Yes, now everything is solved.
Yes that may be solved
But he is constantly
irritating me so much!
Don't mind that!
When people come out of Kolkota...
...they become younger.
Shekhar, have a look on your left.
I didn't see in Palamar liquor
shops the culture...
...that I saw in Bengal liquor shops.
I have never seen Palamar
people ever get drunk
I can't even say that
there is no addiction...
...and pride in their liquor.
After the men taste it,
they become drunkards.
Male and female both
are consume alcohol.
It's a western society
Will you listen to the
description of female?
Yes.
Everyone is black
and everyone young.
You mean eternal youth?!
Each one as one piece of cloth
attached to their body.
And every one has zero ornaments.
Hari, don't ever go out of the Bungalow.
Listen, we're going to Kolkata by
Saturday right?
Otherwise it'll be a disaster
for me, I'm telling you!
Hari! Hari!
What?
The girl which dumped you recently,
Why didn't you retaliate?
He plays with a straight bat.
Would he ever hit a woman?
Let him stay here for two days
alone, he'll end his ways.
Is there no other topic to speak?
You think that every person,
other than me, doesn't love.
Sanjay does! Ask him first!
Hey!
- What 'hey'!
You don't have the guts
to speak about your love.
Everybody loves.
Not me.
You are not capable of it.
Don't talk rubbish! I am not
interested in that Bourgeois stuff.
It's Ok.
I was saying that we are
asking you this...
...because we are your friends.
If it was necessary to push
then you should have pushed.
I was the one who pushed.
Now, are you satisfied!
I'll not agree if you'll
not speak up.
You have to tell me the matter
What do you want to know?
What happened? What happened...
...that you
changed so suddenly?
You have to speak about it.
Everything cannot be explained.
Please don't force me.
You have to speak about it.
What are you doing? Please leave me.
I'll not leave you.
I'll how much strength you have.
What kind of foolishness is this?
Speak up! Speak up!
You have to speak up.
Leave me first, and
then I'll speak up.
Ok, now tell me.
This is...
This is the reply to my five page letter?
Did you read my letter?
Did you understand it?
I doubt it.
What's there in a letter?
I'm not one for letters.
Why did you write it?
It was my responsibility...
And I didn't write it giving
much thought to it.
I wrote it just at a spur of the moment.
And have I written that
I don't love you?
No.
Anyway, please forgive me.
I didn't say I am blameless.
But it's impossible...
...to love a person who writes
this type of letters.
I cannot lie, as there
is no benefit in it.
How many days can it be maintained?
And you should leave now.
I am late anyway, and it's not
right to suddenly come here like this
Hey! Listen! Is there
any bungalow nearby?
Forest, forest bungalow!
Ask if he can come with us.
Will you come with us? You
can show that place to us.
You come and show and
I will give you a tip.
Back side!
Sanjay, give him some place.
Or else it will be
difficult to drive.
Persons intending to use the
forest rest house must have...
...permission of the D.F.O.,
Daltonganj.
Here it is. The forest.
Hello! Do you want me to
take down your luggage?
Hold on! Hold on!
Gatekeeper! Hey, gatekeeper!
I am calling him!
Locked
Babu! Gatekeeper!
Are you the gatekeeper?
- Yes.
Open the doors. We are
going to stay here.
Have you brought the letter?
Haven't you got the letter?
- No, sir.
What's the necessity of a letter?
There are so many vacant rooms.
Give us one and whatever money
is required I'll give it.
Is there any reception here?
I am not permitted to give you
the rooms without the slip.
What can we do if the letter
is not delivered?
Open it fast.
I may lose my job, sir.
Who will take your job? D.F.O.!
You please go to some
other bungalow.
Do you understand the meaning
of V.I.P.? - No, sir.
They are all VIPs.
This person is a very big executive.
This person is labor welfare
officer of jute.
And he is a famous sportsman.
I see.
When we came here so far,
we can't go back.
Take this and open the house.
What are you thinking?
I'll tell DFO not to fire you.
Thank God for corruption.
Go and open the door.
Hari, come. You and me in this room.
Not bad!
You have taken this bed?
Over there is a dining room.
Arrange something for dinner.
Let's have a tea.
Can we have a coffee?
Coffee! Taking liberties!
Gatekeeper!
Sir!
Can we have a tea?
Tea! Ok, I'll make it, sir.
What about the dinner?
My wife is ill since four-five days.
Does you wife cook here?
Sometimes, I too, cook.
But now I don't have time to shop?
I'll do the shopping, sir.
Can you cook, if somebody
brings all the requisites?
Ok, I will do it.
What's your name?
Lakha.
Lakha!
Sanjay, will you give me this blade.
Why? Haven't you brought your blade?
I completely forgot it.
Give me.
And tell me what else have
you forgotten completely?
Only blade and nothing else.
Why do you want to shave?
Who is watching you here?
Sanjay, you?
It's better not to do it. At least
we can conserve our energy.
Hari! Hari!
Hari! Wake up.
Will you have a shave?
No! Good!
Good! All hippies.
Without Shekhar, it's
not that much fun.
Do you remember what
he has done in Digha?
Yesterday when I called him,
do you know what said?
What?
He said that I was informing
in the last moment...
...how can he get the
leave from his workplace.
In the end, turns out
he doesn't have a job!
Hey! What are you looking
at? Go away!
There is such a sweet
music in this sound.
Really! Visiting this place
increases our longevity.
Perhaps there is need to
increase longevity beforehand...
Why?
You're on the ascending curve.
The longer you live, the
more you will rise.
The more I rise, the
more I will fall.
Do you remember our days earlier?
Yes! I was thinking about
it sometime ago.
How much we used to work!
Unimaginable! 16 hours a day.
There is less work in the day job now,
most work is towards people
But one thing is for sure that
those days were not that bad.
Did you have your bath?
First class.
Would you like to watch a thing?
Do whatever you wish
All ties with civilisation are cut.
I was thinking of using it to wrap
our shoes in on the way back.
Hey! Did you sleep well?
Don't ask me! There's was
something which was...
...constantly disturbing over there.
Really!
- Yes.
Was that sound, really
that irritating?
You don't believe me? Go
and check it by yourself.
Hari! You do one thing. Become Tarzan!
Be careful, if the elephant
comes here.
Tell me where are we heading,
do have any destination or goal...
then again how many people became
rich by having goals?
Don't talk and follow me.
Ok, boss.
Sunset! Have you seen
a sunset like this?
Yes, in Kolkata for sure.
But in what western?
That Burt Lancaster film.
You go sit down. I'm coming.
Are they all riff raff?
They're not going to do
anything are they?
If they do anything,
then you do something back.
Come here and sit.
Give me a glass.
Take this, grams and papad.
Is it strong?
Taste it yourself, my dear friend.
No. I don't like anything
except imported scotch.
Hey!
Shine that light here!
Not that much.
- Shut up!
Is it Ok?
What a life!
Sir! - Who?
It's you.
I want some too sir.
What are you doing here?
Didn't you go to the market?
Yes, sir. I went there.
I bought the chicken and sent
it to the gatekeeper.
Where's the rest of the money?
Bring it here.
Yes, sir.
Who knows how much you're
short changing me.
Take this! Go!
What a life!
Hari! O Hari!
Yes.
Look behind!
What's there?
Just have a look!
Miss India! Isn't she nice?
Enough. Don't look in that manner.
The more one rises, the
more one falls.
What? Sanju!
Are you comparing Sanjeev
Chatterjee with vandhana?
What a history you have?
You consume liquor and your
boss, consume it too.
If you'll not take it, you cannot
survive at your work.
Do you think that I don't know it?
If I leave this job, will
you give a new job?
Why should you leave it?
Why should I leave!
Your boss has a daughter
right? Compensation!
Boss's daughter spends
bloody hours with the boyfriend...
You are saying that...
...she didn't let you hold her hand, huh?
Why would I leave it?
There are thousand to leave
that job, but I can't.
If I leave that job, then
what will I feed my family.
My father, mother, younger brother.
Don't bother falling in love.
I'll talk to your parents to
find a good match for you.
To see a good girl for you.
You need not bother about that.
That means they've already found one!
You are here only for
a certain purpose.
You will go to work.
You will bear sunlight.
Make a home with your wife.
And you will be a cent
percent Bengali...
...middle-class conventional
good boy.
Sir!
Somebody is calling.
Give me some.
Give her what she wants.
Hari! Hari!
What are you doing?
Listen, she wants something.
Who?
- Sir.
Give me some, sir.
Half-quarter!
You want to drink more?
What's your name?
Miss India.
- Shut up!
What's your name?
Dulli.
Half-quarter.
Can you dance?
Like this.
I went there and danced
and got there 500 rupees.
500 rupees!
Yes, that sir gave me 500 rupees.
I'll give you twenty five
Hey! You pig!
You are trying to pick my pocket.
Hey! What's going on there!
O God, what all this?
- Shut up!
Take this and drink
as much as you want.
Hey, you are a thief.
Hey, Hari! Control yourself.
Control yourself Mr. Devdas.
Haven't you read about Sharat
Chandra's 'Devdas'.
No. I didn't.
Do you know cricket
ruined my education?
Ok. Ok.
The tea is here, sir.
Keep it there.
Sanjay, wake up.
There is some fantastic
news. Sari and slacks.
Where?
I just saw them outside the
house through the window.
Don't tell me about
that fantastic thing.
Hey! What are you doing there?
What's this? Here there is only tea.
Gatekeeper!
Didn't you get some
eggs or something?
Sir, my wife is ill and
I took her to the doctor.
And where was the time
to bring the eggs.
Ask him to bring the eggs.
He'll starve us to death.
Without eggs, it won't do.
Who? Lakha.
He is asking us to go to the market.
It is such a tragedy that
there are no eggs here.
What is this? What are you doing?
Why are you getting ready so early?
Today, in the morning he
saw a couple of women.
Not santhals (a tribe).
I will bring the eggs, sir.
Will you?
- Yes.
Where will you get them?
- They are available there.
We can get them boiled here.
Bring 8 eggs.
Hey! Somebody order the tea.
Ok, order him.
Serve the tea, here! Make
it with buffalo milk.
With buffalo milk!
Hey!
Don't give that hungry look.
They will mind.
Why are they all sitting there?
To sell.
Do you want to buy?
No. You go there, if you want
to get scolded by them.
Hey! Why are you all sitting here?
So what if we're sitting here?
It's none of your business!
What happen, Mr Sharat Chandra?
- She got angry, suddenly.
It was funny.
- What about the tea?
Actually they sell corn?
Right now they are out of work.
They don't have work and
they are laughing.
Really, peculiar!
Sir, will you give me work?
Yes, we will, in the bungalow.
And what was that.
Just like that.
Sir, eggs!
Here they are!
Lakha!
Do any daughters of
gentlemen live here?
Not living, sir. They have come here.
- Know where they're staying?
Yes. They are in that direction.
Oh! The sun's in my eyes here.
Sister-in-law, have a look behind
yourself, in the left.
Will you stay here or leave?
What are your plans?
Let's introduce ourselves.
This is not Kolkata, why
these formalities?
We will definitely not
leave you alone.
I am not with you.
Hari!
- Leave him.
Now we have to stop the game.
- Yes, I guess.
What?
- What?
We are waiting.
Show us your technique
Who are you?
We are human beings.
Good thing you said so.
We are from Kolkata.
- O I see. Tourists?
Sort of. Is this you house?
Yes. I saw you from
a long distance and...
...was wondering that who is
wandering in front of my home.
We were just admiring your cottage.
Fantastic!
Then why are you standing outside.
Please come in, if you not busy.
No. We are not busy.
Then please come in.
What's your name?
His good name is Anind Mukherjee.
And what's your pet name, grandpa?
No. I don't have any pet name.
His pet name is Tublu Babu.
Where will we go tomorrow, granpa?
Circus!
- Circus?
Yes. The matter is that some
years ago many animals...
...used to come nearby our house.
But now, there are not many,
wandering around.
That's the reason we are
going to the circus...
...which is going to happen tomorrow.
Let me introduce you.
She is my daughter-in-law,
and she is my daughter.
And I am Sadashiv Tripathi.
My name is Shekhar Sen.
I'm Asim Chatterjee
And I am Sanjay Banerjee.
Splendid!
There was one more person
with you. Right?
Is it so!
He's gone to look at the church.
Sanjay go and call him.
Come. You too come here.
Sit wherever you want to.
Make yourself comfortable.
You sit here.
It's Ok.
Where are you staying here?
- Forest bungalow.
O god! What are you doing?
There's no other place except that.
Just in the morning we
were around that place.
Really!
You place is very beautiful.
It looks like some foreign
tourist site.
Have you been there?
He has seen it in the movies.
I too have seen in the movies.
They are here!
He's the best sportsman among us.
O my God!
Have you seen church here?
The church! Haven't you seen
the church? How was it?
O yes. It was good.
Actually, he's not getting news of
the test match, that's why he's a bit down.
Rini, you were listening
to the radio, right!
206 for 3!
West Indies are batting?
Yes.
Do you listen to that too?
Till today, I am unable
to find out...
...what your interests really are!
I myself don't know
father what they are.
That why you can feel safe.
Do you play badminton?
Mixed doubles!
What do you say?
Mixed doubles? But there's
already four of you.
I am out of practice for 10 years.
If you all play, I can play too...
...but with whom should be I paired.
I am the weakest.
Ok! Ok! You and me and
Shekhar and Hari.
What's that? It looks
very interesting.
That! There is a small house
which has a small balcony.
Long time ago I used to sit there
and observe the animals.
But since they are not
visible here now...
...that's why my daughter
has captured it.
Do you stay there?
Not at night.
There she does meditation.
Because of dad.
What should I do? You make
here everybody silent.
Can I see the place?
Ask my daughter?
Are you doing some
forage over there?
You will find it if you will see it.
Let's go.
I still can't believe that one
can live here so happily.
Have you been here earlier?
No.
I meant to come to Palamar, but
coming here was more of an accident
But you could say it was a
happy accident...
How did you get the bungalow?
There was no reservation I take it?
Naturally not.
Is there no other way?
Looking at you one doesn't get
a feeling you're that innocent
Come.
You first.
We were at that bungalow earlier.
We came as a big group.
You were there?
Yes. At that time I thought
the gatekeeper was rather honest.
Just for one person?
No. You can't be understood clearly.
Is that very important?
Not immediately.
Wow!
You could call it an observation balcony.
At least that's what my father calls it.
Are there any animals here?
I've seen deer.
Far away over there.
It was a long time ago however.
Then why shouldn't it be
called Juliet's balcony now?
Say, over there someone says...
...it is the east and
Juliet is the sun.
Will you say this?
Would that be wrong?
At night there are plenty
of foxes around.
If you discourage me like that
then it's difficult to say
Are you done with seeing the room?
I feel like pinching you.
To see if you are real.
First have some of this.
Do you stay here alone all day?
My sister-in-law comes
here sometimes.
To disturb your meditation?
Do you come here every year?
Around once a year. My likes
this place very much.
And you?
I too like it.
And your mom...
She has passed away. My brother too.
That means your sister-in-law...
I had only one brother.
Rini, have you shown him the house?
- Yes!
Your name is Rini?
It's my pet name.
And real name?
Aparna
Have you seen it?
- Great.
If you sell it anytime, I'll buy it.
In the meantime I'm jealous of
your daughter.
- Is that so?
Sir!
- What!
Will you come to the bungalow?
What's the matter?
Somebody came for you.
Ok. We will be there in a moment.
Are you leaving?
We are residing nearby, we'll
come visit you sometime later.
You have to!
And you invite them to
visit here sometime.
Please come anytime,
we are always free.
But we are going to Ranchi.
Yes, I forgot. We are
going to Ranchi.
There's my aunty's sister.
Are you leaving today?
Yes, we are leaving at afternoon...
...and return here by night.
Why don't you people come
here tomorrow morning!
We'll have breakfast here and
then we can play badminton.
Will there be eggs?
Yes, definitely.
Are you...
Yes, we are staying here.
Four!
- Yes, four.
Are you ranger?
Your Bungalow is great.
It's fantastic!
I am thinking of giving
it a wide publicity.
As you wish.
But the way you have
occupied this is not...
We can understand.
Staying here without authorization
is against the...
Principle! That's what
is written there.
Even if the bungalow is empty...
It makes no...
Difference!
- No, no.
As we came here so far, and
as we like the place...
...we'll be staying
here for some time.
Duration?
Four or five days.
By Saturday, we have to go
to Kolkata, there is a race.
And apart from the jungle...
...there is another attraction.
Additional!
- Bonus!
Now, tell me is there
any possibility of...
...somebody coming here
by the time we leave.
Our sir will be coming here.
Conservator himself.
What's this? You mean
within two-three days?
And the gatekeeper will
definitely be sacked.
What are you saying?
If we speak to him,
can't we convince him?
You can try, but it depends on...
On his mood!
- Yes.
You stay here.
But if our sir comes here
and if he wants to stay...
...then you have to evacuate.
He took away your cigarette
'Gold Flake'.
Everything was fine and
he came and ruined it.
Leave it.
This place is not conservative's
own property.
Yes, right!
Hari! Hari!
The sister-in-law is a widow.
Really!
But the way she is, it's
hard to find that out.
And what, you are 10 years
out of practice?
You made them a fool.
How far has the things
gone with her?
My body's become so dry.
I have to take a bath with oils.
Chapped lips...
What are you doing?
That's for hair!
Shekhar, I guess from now on
we should take your words seriously?
That would be the safe option,
else you'll look foolish.
Sir!
Sir, will you give us work?
They are here.
What can you do?
We can do everything.
We will clean the house,
wash the clothes...
...and we will bring the
drinking water for you.
You have to give the job
to all of us three.
And you have to give
2 rupees each daily.
Is it so?
We got the workers.
What? What's the matter?
What do you say?
That's why we brought him along.
Do this.
Done.
Did you pay them in advance?
Yes, mutual benefit.
She will clean the house.
I'll take the filter tip.
Filter tip!
Didn't you have a very
stylish transistor radio?
Yes, Japanese.
- Yes Japanese.
It was shaped like a bottle right?
I'm wondering about news of Kolkata,
and what's going on there?
I had the same idea...
...but in the rush I forgot
to bring it.
In optical goods, they say
they have surpassed Germany.
Why? What about electronic goods?
Can't believe it, they'll put
a television in a watch next.
But they can't develop things
like atom bombs.
Who would think, after Hiroshima,
a race would stand up like this?
Look now, eastern country!
Land of the rising sun!
Yes the Japanese are great...
Hey! Go away. Run.
Hey what are you doing?
I hired them?
They are very bad women.
No, they are not.
It's question of my job. Sir.
What are you saying!
But I have already paid them.
I can't do it.
Lakha!
- Sir.
Have you entered the room
when I was not here?
No, sir. I was cleaning the car.
Cleaning the car? If so
then where is my purse?
How will I know?
How will you know! I'll
give you one punch, you idiot.
Haven't you entered the room,
after I was gone!
Hey! Have you checked it well?
Yes, definitely, would I
say so otherwise?
I haven't gone anywhere
else sir!
Ok, then I will search you.
Sir, please don't touch me.
Hey! What happened?
Have you gone mad!
No, sir. I'll not work here anymore.
You bloody, you have stolen
and behaving innocent.
No, sir. I'll not work here any
more. Pay me, and I'll leave.
Lakha!
Take this and leave.
Hari Das needs a nerve tonic.
It's really difficult.
The water is very low.
He lost a monthly ticket
and some money.
Though this not the first
time he lost something.
One day, I really bullied
him for this habit of his...
Hey! What are you doing here?
I couldn't resist.
The water's something!
Ice cold!
We drink this same water right?
Will you not put oil on your body?
I'm not into that "natives" oil thing.
Where's Hari?
He has fallen in love with Dulli.
Really!
It's not surprising.
If you will appoint
his lover as a maid...
...he's bound to get angry.
What soap is this?
It's imported.
- Really! It's scented.
When I make my own home,
I'll have a well.
Good thing we had a bath here!
Is that the return of the ranger?
Has any of you, lost your wallet?
Are you bathing?
It was in our badminton court.
So kind of you.
And take this. This will keep
you updated with the score.
You kind of you.
That's most our radio!
Do you remember when to come
tomorrow for breakfast?
8:30 sharp.
Ok, then. We are leaving. Let's go.
Have a nice trip!
Oh, God. I got saved.
It's so embarrassing.
Have you seen me! I spoke
so good English.
Shut up!
So what if they saw us?
Haven't you seen me, the way
I went to them and talked...
...as if this is the French reviera and
I am walking around in swimming trunks.
Shut up! What do you know
shorty? You have nothing at stake.
Your attitudes are just like
a middle-class Bengali.
Smartly bathe!
Give me that soap.
My luck is just really bad.
You on the other hand will
sail through this.
Why should I be get
involved in all this?
It's your game, you play it.
As you have said that
I am a conventional.
You feel bad. You feel offended.
Ok, then. Do as you wish.
Asim! Asim!
Why are shouting 'Asim! Asim! '?
What's that?
Tomorrow morning we have
to go to the breakfast.
Let's go now.
You haven't drunk today either?
Some other time.
I'll take a measure home.
Drink it! Drink it!
Some people are unable to
keep their purse safely...
Who? Me...
- No, it's not you.
What's he doing?
Today Miss India is not there.
Don't irritate him!
Shouldn't I?
Hey! Hey! Listen!
- What?
In the morning they
returned your purse...
...and you didn't even thank them.
I have thanked them.
- Who thanked them?
You did!
So what if I did? Was
that my purse?
Do I have a monthly?
You have a car!
Tomorrow, you must go to them
that it was your wallet.
And give them a big 'Thank
you, very much'.
What will you say?
Why are you laughing? Hari?
Hari?
You... you... has he gone crazy?
Why are you laughing?
Hey... cool down...
What... what happened?
I saw you two out the window,
with soap all over you...
You saw all that!
What happened?
...and he was saying...
very kind of you, have a nice trip.
Dance for us...
Yes... yes... please dance...
You know how to dance...
you danced with
She danced well... that voluptuous
woman who ditched you...
Tomorrow we are invited for
breakfast at Rini's place...
Come let's go...
I'll dance... I'll dance...
Everybody... look at Hari...
he'll dance...
Dance Dance...
Don't forget tomorrow's breakfast...
Dance...
Hey... dance...
Hey... a car is coming...
halt... halt... halt...
Santhal twist!
I'm telling you... one minute.
. one minute...
why are you standing in front
of the car... one minute...
Do you know who we are? We are
VIPs...
very important people...
very important person...
Press the horn...
Hari... Hari... hey Sanjay,
Sanjay... look... it's 9:30 a. m.
What?
- It's 9:30 sharp...
Our prestige is at stake because
of last night's boozing...
It's too late to go now...
We should at least go
once to apologise...
Here...
- Hm...
Letter...
You might be embarrassed to
see the tiffin carrier...
but actually it's not your fault
you've come for a holiday...
so rather it's our fault to
call you all for breakfast...
...so early in the morning.
I'm sending some food for you.
I hope it'll be sufficient
for you...
I might go to your place
in the evening...
I'll get the Tiffin carrier then...
...sincerely yours... Jaya Tripathi...
So, what do you understand?
My mind is not in my heart
Who is calling me?
Is that grandfather singing?
Yes... I think so...
In the morning the flowers
open their doors to see him
The bees call out his
name again and again
He is calling me again and again?
My voice became silent
praising him
The forest, hills, flowers
praise him too
The moon and the stars spend
sleepless nights in his love
his love is flowing through
hundred streams
Who is calling me?
Father, today a lot of people
heard you singing!
What?
What is this... this wasn't the plan...
you were supposed to come and
have breakfast with us...
instead of that...
...you are listening to a old
man singing spiritual song!
No... actually you sing so well!
I've become old... don't have
any control on breath...
and then I forget words...
I have to depend on...
...my daughter's memory
while singing...
We would miss your song
if we came on time.
Really... we don't have
words to apolo...
Enough... enough... we don't want
to hear anything about that.
No, we are really sorry
for the delay...
Whom are you apologising to?
Ask them how punctual they are
about their appointments...
Last night only they were supposed
to come back home by 8 o' clock.
. ask them when did they return?
They were not leaving us...
I was so worried...
You were playing cards father...
Don't you feel worried...
they had to travel all the way
through the forest at night...
We'll go to the circus today...
Grandson, tell them what you saw
at night in the headlight?
One rabbit and two wild cat!
Thank god, that was not
too much of a problem!
The problem is not because of the
wild animals, but sometimes...
...you get to see drunk people
standing in front of your car.
...that becomes a problem.
Thank you
The tribal are so frightening,
they drink country liquor...
The country liquors are so bad...
So, you are going to
the circus today.
Not everybody...
Only me and grandson...
I was planning to go to your place
after lunch today for some chit chat
I'll also chit chat
But today you'll go
to the circus, baby...
I'll chit chat in the circus...
That bag was...
It was his bag... the one
you returned yesterday...
I had guessed that... he was
playing most energetically...
He was sleeping when you
came in the morning...
Did you check the money?
Yes...
What?
What yes?
He sleeps so much!
Look, keep the vase here...
Bring the clothes of the guests
spread for drying...
What is he doing?
Hey, what are you doing?
Why are you disturbing us everyday...
The conservator is coming...
When?
Any moment...
So what did our clothes do?
Just for cleanliness...
Our clothes are cleaner
than your trousers...
Yes...
Come here and see...
Well... good...
No body can dismiss
you from yourjob...
All because of the grace of god!
No... no...
So, let's make arrangements
under the tree...
Um...?
Let's go...
Here... hold this...
Watch man!
Let me speak to him...
Good morning, sir... these people
have occupied the place, sir.
We are here for the last two days...
We liked the place very much...
We never came to this area before...
So we couldn't decide
where to stay...
But we don't have reservation...
Didn't you see the notice outside?
Of course we have, but we hope
that you make exceptions in...
...some cases.
But why should I make exceptions
in your case...
just give me one good reason...
Do you know Mr. A. C Chaterjee?
I mean barrister Abani Chaterjee...
Didn't you tell them?
Yes, sir... I intimated that...
Do you want to say that it is
completely unprecedented affair.
Hasn't anyone ever stayed here
without a reservation before?
I saw a car outside... is it your's?
Yes it's mine...
There is a bungalow ten miles
away from this place...
I'm arranging that for you.
. pack your things and...
...leave within two hours...
We want to stay here...
Why are you behaving like a kid?
You are rather silly...
you look like decent folk...
Good morning...
- Good morning...
Why didn't you come that day?
I got stuck in something...
We waited for you for so long!
How is your father?
Good... have you met our friends?
Oh, I didn't realise that
they are your friends.
Yes... very old friends... they
have come from Kolkata...
they'll go back after 2
- 3 days.
Why are you so late?
Got stuck... is everything ready?
Long back...
Will you join us?
What? Picnic?
Sort of...
No... I've to go...
Please try to come some other day.
Come...
Oh, you are too much...
Thank god, you came
on the right time...
Was he creating any problem?
He was asking us to shift to
another bungalow within two hours.
But he is not a bad human being...
he became so embarrassed
to see us...
Why can't he wait for two days?
Come... everything is ready for you.
I've brought some food for you.
Oh... again...
Oh, that's nothing...
they were cooking at home so I
asked to make a little more...
Egg cutlet!?
What are you watching?
No... I mean...
Come and have cutlet...
Won't you have?
You go ahead... I'm coming...
Watch man, give some water...
I hope you didn't have lunch yet.
No... we had our breakfast
around 10 a. m.
That too bought from the market.
Oh, so you eat market stuff?
We had it only today... actually
the watchman's wife is sick...
and we can't rely on him...
But since you are there, we
are not having to fast...
Please take some...
...did you get news of cricket?
Yes.
So why are you looking so sad?
No... it's fine...
Sanjay...
He is Asim.
I'm Sanjay...
I am Shekhar and he is Hari...
Okay...
Sit down.
Please take...
Thank you.
Is there any fair happening near by?
I've absolutely forgotten about
that... do you want to go?
It's near by... 10 minutes
walking distance...
Beside the river...
- Are you going?
I very much want to go... Rini also
wants to buy glass bangles.
Not a bad idea... we can go.
In the afternoon... - Yes...
...the sun light won't
be so hard then.
Is there any gambling happening?
Gamblers always look for gambling!
They didn't let me bring cards,
otherwise we could play cards.
Rini, what was that we used to play?
Cards?
- No... no... not cards...
something to do with famous
peoples name...
Memory game?
- Yes... do you know?
How is that?
Rini, please come... let's play...
Is everybody willing to play?
Let's play... we'll have good time.
It's a wonderful game, you know...
we had played here before...
Rini will teach you all.
Asim also knows.
Yes, Asim knows... please teach them.
They'll learn faster
if she teaches them.
Come... sit here...
Tell them...
Sorry...
No... no... it's okay... wear it.
. the game is very easy...
now we are sitting in a circle...
suppose I'll start the game.
I'll tell the name of
a famous person...
Any famous person?
Yes...
Poet, philosopher, jockey...
But everyone should know the name.
. I'll tell a name...
you are there after me... you
will say the name I said...
...and saya additional name of
your choice... then Hari...
Hari will say the name I said,
then the name you said...
...and then a name of his choice...
Okay... Gandhi... Gandhi, Neheru...
Ghandhi, Neheru, Ajad.
Exactly... this way the
game will go on...
those who will forget a name or
miss out a name he or she...
...will be out.
So he'll be the winner who'll
stay till the last, right?
It's not so easy as
you are thinking.
Yes, it's very tough... very often
you tend to make mistake.
Oh, that's not a problem...
Hari, you understand?
Shall I start?
Hm... Rabindranath...
Rabindranath, Karl Marx...
Rabindranath, Karl Marx, Cleopatra...
Wait... let me say...
Rabindranath, Karl Marx,
Cleopatra,
Atulya Ghosh...
Hari, say.
Yes...
Rabindranath, Karl Marx,
Cleopatra, Atulya Ghosh.
Say a name of yours.
Oh, yes...
Helen...
Helen of Troy or Bombay?
Not Bombay...
It's alright... Helen of Troy...
Asim, say...
Rabindranath, Karl Marx,
Cleopatra, Atulya Ghosh.
Helen of Troy, Shakespeare.
Oh, I'm nervous...
Rabindranath, Karl Marx, Cleopatra,
Prafulla...
Out... out!
How could I make the mistake?
It's Atulya...
Don't shout or you'll
make me forget.
Rabindranath, Karl Marx, Cleopatra,
Atulya Ghosh.
Helen of Troy, Shakespeare,
Out, Mao
Tse Tung.
Rabindranath, Karl Marx, Cleopatra,
Atulya Ghosh.
Helen of Troy, Shakespeare, Mao
Tse Tung, Don Bradman...
Rabindranath, Karl Marx, Cleopatra,
Atulya Ghosh, Helen,
Mao Tse Tung.
Out... out...
Out... out... what did Asim say?
Did he say Mao Tse Tung?
What did he say then?
Shakespeare!
I won't play... I won't...
Don't go... sit down...
Sit down... where will you go?
I'll have to sit?
Rabindranath, Karl Marx, Cleopatra,
Atulya Ghosh.
Helen of Troy, Shakespeare, out,
Mao Tse Tung, Don Bradman...
...out, out, Rani Rashmani.
Come on Sanjay... fight...
Wait... wait...
Rabindranath, Karl Marx, Cleopatra,
Atulya Ghosh.
Helen of Troy, Shakespeare, out,
Mao Tse Tung...
...what did you say?
Don't you remember?
Isn't there any time limit?
Yes, there is... 10 seconds...
I'll count...
...one two three four five...
...six seven eight nine
Out.
Bradman... oh poor thing!
Rabindranath, Karl Marx, Cleopatra,
Atulya Ghosh.
Helen of Troy, Shakespeare, Mao
Tse Tung, Don Bradman,
Rani Rashmani, Kennedy.
Which Kennedy?
Bobby.
Hm... Rabindranath, Karl Marx,
Cleopatra, Atulya Ghosh...
Do you want a pillow?
- Do you have one?
Yes...
- Let him finish...
Helen of Troy, Shakespeare, Mao
Tse Tung, Don Bradman, Rani...
...Rashmani, Bobby Kennedy,
Teckchand Thakur.
May I... - Yes, of course...
Rabindranath,
Karl Marx, Cleopatra...
Rani Rashmani, Kennedy, Teckchand
Thakur, Napoleon... thank you.
Rabindranath, Karl Marx, Cleopatra,
Atulya Ghosh.
Helen of Troy...
Do you like Santhali ornaments?
Hm...?
Santhali ornaments...
do you like them?
Yes... it looks good on Santhals...
Don Bradman...
Don't know... I'll have
to buy for my cousin...
Rani Rashmani, Kennedy...
...shut up...
Teckchand Thakur, Napoleon,
Mumtazmahal... your turn...
I think I won't be able to say...
What are you saying?
Don't you remember?
My situation is like Hari...
Are you trying to say that you
don't remember the names of...
...the beginning?
Do you want some chilled water?
No... out... Asim wins!
They are looking so beautiful...
hope they'll last till Kolkata...
How much?
What is all this?
What do you mean?
Can't I even pay for your bangles?
How wild do you think we are?
If you do like this then we'll
have to stop buying things.
Buy whatever you like... after
all this is not New market...
Can you see this? This is full...
Asim please lend me 10 rupees...
Why?
I'll return you with interest.
. guaranteed...
I've left my purse back...
Where have you left it? In Kolkata?
I mean...
- I'll give you...
No... no... don't give him...
he'll gamble...
I know...
No... no he'll give... he doesn't
refuse... please give...
So kind of you...
Where is Hari?
Don't know.
Your purse is empty now...
No... no... I can still buy
you some fried chops.
Let me pay for that.
No way! Let's go...
Sister-in-law will you be here?
Yes... give me my money...
Come back when you finish shopping...
Why did you have take that?
We'll go back if you are late...
- Okay...
Your house is only 10
minutes from here...
My son will wait for me...
It feels great in a fair, isn't it?
I don't know how it would have
felt if you were not here...
I might not come...
Where is your other friend?
I think he didn't like
your company...
a girl like you had once ditched
him... do you understand?
Yes, I do.
Hey guys... I'm here...
You go ahead... I'll go
and bring some food...
I'll... I'll beat you!
Why?
Why didn't you come?
Where?
Where...? There... where you were
sitting and drinking liquor...
There was a dance programme
after that...
Dance programme? Why did you
go to the bungalow to work?
Master gave me money... why
shouldn't I work if I get money?
Why should you work even
if he gave you money?
Shouldn't I? - No...
I'll give you money... I'll
give it to you for no work...
so much greed!
You win... take your money...
...are you going? - Yes...
if I play more I'll loose.
Take it.
Have you given this
to sister-in-law?
She won't have.
- And your friend?
He won't have either...
don't stare like that, otherwise
I'll have to tell the truth.
So you didn't go to them.
You stay all the time with your
sister-in-law, please stay...
...sometime with me.
Am I running away?
I wanted to discus something
with you...
Tell me.
This is not the right place...
let's go outside the fair...
I need to go to the bungalow also.
I've left my glasses there.
Let's go...
Tell me what you wanted to say.
You lost deliberately
today, isn't it?
I still remember those names...
do you remember?
That's a special
power I posses...
I still have memories of the
time when I was 2 years old.
Why did you lose then?
Can't you understand that?
Would you feel good if I won?
That's the problem... first
bath by the well...
...then the warning of the
conservator... what a shame!
There is more... Santhal
twist on the road...
Was that your car?
What did you have to drink?
And you were watching that!?
Yes... I was enjoying...
The shame! It's an
absolute disaster...
...believe me... what ever I may do
but I never mean to be a laughing stock
Still I'll say that you
are very childish!
You too are saying
that I'm childish?
Wasn't it childishness... the
way you occupied the bungalow...
What do you think, if we wanted,
couldn't we book the bungalow?
Then why didn't you do it.
You don't understand...
You love breaking rules, right?
Not all the time, sometimes.
You don't have a job...
...so how will you understand
the pressure of rules.
You were there, otherwise we
had decided not even to shave.
But you'll have to follow the
rules once again when you go back.
Of course I'll have to...
...otherwise from where
will the salary come.
You won't have any problem
to get your salary...
...after all you haven't
taken bribe...
...rather you bribed somebody.
I'm just worried about
the watchman.
Do I have to listen
this also from you?
Let the ranger say,
the conservator say...
Even, let the watchman himself
say 500 times, but why you?
It doesn't suit you...
why are you smiling?
I'm thinking that
tomorrow when...
...you all will be having
your breakfast...
...we'll be at Ranchi
by that time.
What do you mean?
Yesterday I came to know that
a friend of mine at Kolkata...
...is all of a sudden going
to get married...
So we are going back tomorrow.
Where is your husband?
He died.
Died?
God knows where he is
born again as a baby.
He went to the forest to fetch
fire wood... and a snake...
Snake bit him?
Probably a cobra... he's
been dead three years.
Will you go to Kolkata?
There are lots of work
opportunity in Kolkata!
Come to Kolkata and I'll
show you my game...
...cricket... have you
seen my wrist...
I send the ball over
the boundary.
Fulmani has been to Kolkata...
...she bought blouses
and net for her bun...
What do you apply in your hair?
Do you know what I'll bring
for you? Tell me...
How do I know?
I'll bring false hair for you!
Give me... give that to me...
Since there is shortage
of time...
...let me speak my heart out...
I like you very much.
Initially I thought
that you are like...
...those Kolkata girls who
are busy with parties...
...but now I know that
you are not like that.
Do you know what I felt
when I saw you first?
I thought that it would
be wonderful...
...if I can shake this
gentleman's confidence.
The confidence is no more
there. You really have shaken it.
But I don't understand
one thing...
...I am not being able to
understand you properly.
Maybe I can help you.
Please do that.
3 years back my brother
had committed suicide...
...he was my best friend, and
when I was 12 years old...
...my mother died of burning,
I was alone at the house then...
...when I was in first year of
college I had come here...
...and I saw fire in
the distant forest...
...I had fainted seeing that...
I think you never got any big
shock in your life, right?
Bye... come again tomorrow...
Where?
Where... in the fair...
come or I'll beat you...
...if you come I'll give
you more money.
What happened? Oh, my
purse has fallen down...
Asim... Asim...
Sanjay... Sanjay...
The car is not there and
also there's no light.
Thank God, if he had come and saw
that I was not here, he'd have
started whining
If you wanted, you could
have stayed there...
...for some more time.
When you have come so far,
please come inside.
I'll make coffee for you.
- Coffee!
Yes, Nescafe!
I like it very much. Let's go.
There's so much silence!
- Terrible.
Do you like it?
It's a new place. We have to.
It's strange.
You don't like it?
Staying here for long time
is not that enjoyable.
To be honest, I feel
a little bit scared.
You all were here, so it was fun.
Paramesh!
- Yes, ma'am.
Boil some water, I'll
make some coffee.
Please come in.
Keep them these.
Will you not sit here?
Unless there is light...
Now!
Everything is clear.
Please sit.
You watch this. I'll
be back in a moment.
This lamp is very beautiful.
Don't steal it.
Not until I get my coffee.
Take this.
- Thank you.
That day when we saw you bathing,
I felt very jealous.
Actually, we have shortage of water.
Do you what happened
to gatekeeper's wife?
I don't know exactly.
She is in such a poor condition.
Did you know it?
Somewhat!
I never dared to come, this side.
Your father is well acquainted
with the conservator. Isn't he?
Look there!
Shekhar!
- What happened!?
- Dacoits...thugs...
Why are you bleeding?
Hit me with a stick, thugs...
My money bag...
Don't worry, we will visit a doctor.
What happened? Do you
want a cold coffee?
Mrs. Tripathi!
How do I look?
You said it only looked good
on Santhals?
No, I mean...
What are you staring at!
Tell me how do I look?
Good!
- Good!
Are you having mercy at me?
When a husband dies he dies alone.
My husband committed suicide?
Do you know?
Is it so? Why?
How can I know?
He didn't die here, abroad.
Maybe, he was having some problem.
Are you feeling nervous?
No
I am feeling nervous!
See!
That's not our vehicle.
You had your coffee!
Rini...
...tell me one thing!
What?
You don't have a friend?
Why wouldn't I?
It's not the time to crack jokes.
You don't love anybody?
Not till now.
Where can I meet you in Kolkata?
I don't go to parties.
I don't like them.
It's Ok, but where can I meet you?
Leave my hand.
Will you switch on your lighter?
I didn't find any other paper.
Sanjay!
What are you thinking so much
about? - No, nothing.
Is sister-in-law back?
Yes, we were drinking coffee.
Did you just come back?
Yes, I forgot my glasses
at the bungalow.
Tomorrow, we are leaving.
Really!
Convey my regards to
your other friends.
O sure! It was fun here,
in your company.
I'll talk to father.
I guess that that thing will
be accomplished.
What thing what that?
We were talking about
that gatekeeper.
His father is well acquainted
with the conservator.
Good! I was also thinking
about that matter.
Gatekeeper!
You will go there and every
wound of yours will be fine.
Again, you are talking
about the wound!
Hari! How are you feeling?
If somebody asks you
about the wound...
...tell them that you had a
fight with a wild buffalo.
Take this! Now you'll
not lose your job.
Things have been fixed
with the conservator.
Sir, the driver has left a box
for you. I am bringing it!
Shekhar!
I forgot it completely.
Sorry! Thank you!
Shekhar!
Where's my money,
with interest?
Believe me, it was a complete loss,
wholesale! Never happened before!
Never mind, get in the car.
Their driver gave this box.
Let me see.
Eggs!